(footsteps tapping)
Attention!
Starting today,
I'll be standing in
as the lord of the castle,
and looking after
all you inmates!
-[Boruto] Standing in?
-(inmates murmuring)
What happened to Mr. Mujo?
[Benga] He's fallen ill.
You're going to be leaving soon.
Really, I am?
Your transfer to
Hozuki Castle Number 2
has been authorized.
(Kokuri gasps)
By next week, you'll be
reunited with your old friends.
[Kokuri] No, you can't do this!
Please, stop there! (wails)
This means we'll have to
do it before the transfer.
Do what?
Take Kokuri and break
him out of this prison.
Break him out?
(seagulls squawking)
(Mitsuki whistles)
(seagulls screeching)
They're coming.
All right. (grunts)
You, inmates!
What do you think you're doing?
(chuckles) Nothin'
at all, you know.
(seagull squawks)
-(seagulls squawking)
-(wings fluttering)
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(seagulls screeching)
Hey, how come we
have to be the ones
to clean all this mess up?
If you have any complaints,
tell them to the idiot who
left the window open in here!
Report to me once
you're finished.
I'm not gonna let you out
of here until you're done.
(door clatters)
That went quite well.
Yeah.
Time's running out so
we need to talk quickly.
Kokuri, you'll be transferred
to Hozuki Castle
Number 2 in three days.
So, we gotta break out
of here before then.
Last time, where'd we leave off?
(moans) Thank you for
everything you're doing for me.
But I can't simply leave
everything up to you guys.
So I'll take care
of the clean-up!
Let's go over each
of the points again.
There are three
things we have to do
to make sure we can break out.
The first is to find
a safe escape route.
So, Mitsuki, how's that going?
These guys checked
it out for us.
(rock music)
(water gushing)
I think we found a route
where we can avoid
detection by the guards.
All right. Then the second
is getting a boat
that can take us off
the island, Boruto?
For that, I think
the information
we got from Doragu
will come in handy.
(rock music)
Okay, listen, there
are two types of ships
that come and go, to
and from this island.
One is the same transport ship
that originally
brought you here.
And the other one is the supply
ship that brings in food.
Why do you wanna know, anyway?
Planning on stowing away?
Yeah, like I'd do
something that dangerous.
And the ship's next landing
is gonna be tomorrow morning.
[Sarada] So, in other
words, you only have
from tonight until
morning to break out.
Then the third part
is how to release
the Celestial Prison
Jutsu placed on Kokuri.
That's the part that's
got me the most worried.
You need a lot of fresh water
to undo the Celestial
Prison Jutsu.
(Kokuri chuckles nervously)
I'm so sorry for
all the trouble.
Getting the water ready was
your job, wasn't it, Sarada?
So, how's it coming along?
Hey, that's why I asked you
to tamper with the
drinking water tank.
Did you seriously
forget about that?
Relax, we've already
got all of that covered.
Don't we, Mitsuki?
Mm-hmm.
(toothbrush scratching)
(faucet squeaking)
-(snake hissing)
-(guard yelling)
(hatch clatters)
-(guard yells)
-(snakes hissing)
How did all them
get inside there?
But how does tampering
with the drinking water
help us release the
Celestial Prison Jutsu?
The area around the
aboveground water tank
is very heavily guarded.
So, it'd be impossible to
get Kokuri close to it.
We have to aim for
the underground tank.
There's a water
tank underground?
When the potable
water is running low,
that tank is filled
up with sea water,
which is then desalinated.
It's usually empty, but now...
Hurry up and get that
underground tank filled.
Or else I'm gonna flush
you down the toilet.
Sir.
But isn't the security
going to be just as tight
around the spare tank, too?
Look next to it.
This is the old water tank.
Their system was
changed five years ago,
and it's no longer in use, so
security should be minimal.
The valve that'll divert
water to the old tank
is located in the courtyard.
When they open the other valve
and fill the tank with seawater,
I'll turn this valve to
fill the old tank, as well.
You can be easily spotted there.
You sure about this?
It should be okay if I
wait to move until dark.
Well, then, all that's
left is to clean in here.
(sparkling chimes)
(sighs) It's not exactly
pristine, but it's done!
Wow, Kokuri, nice job.
(door creaks)
(snakes slithering)
It looks like it's clear.
Now's the time to go, Sarada.
I'll let you guys know
when I've turned the
valve to divert the water.
Wait, but how?
We're not allowed to go to
the library until the evening.
I guess we can't use
that book to communicate.
What about that building?
Even from the
inside of our cell,
we're still able
to see that window.
All right, when the
light from that window
goes on and off twice, it
means everything is ready.
How about that?
Two times, huh?
We're counting on you, Sarada.
Kokuri's life depends
on this working.
On it.
Getting the fresh water
into place is my job.
I'll make sure that it's
done, no matter what.
Boruto.
Yeah, I'll be there with you.
No, it isn't that, look!
Huh?
Did he see us?
Kedama.
I'm only here to get
the bird droppings.
I'm not interested
in you guys at all.
What now? He's the guy who
snitched on his friends
in the past, after all.
Just leave him to me.
What are you gonna do?
Try to talk to him.
And if that doesn't
work, I'll restrain him.
You two, please just
proceed as planned.
(footsteps pattering)
I have to put this back
in its original place
before anyone
notices it's missing.
(Sarada swooshes)
Ah, Boruto?
Let's just go and report in
that we've finished
all of our work.
We can't afford to
raise suspicion.
Is everything gonna work out?
Listen, there's no
use in panicking now.
Hm?
-(snakes hissing)
-(Kedama grunts)
Jutsu, but how? The seal!
We were sent here undercover
on a secret mission.
If we don't get
Kokuri out of here,
then he's going to be killed.
So, we can't have
you telling anyone
-about what you just saw.
-(snake hisses)
But I just told you, I
don't care if you guys
are working with that girl
who wears the glasses.
I'm afraid that I
just can't trust you.
The rumor is that you
pass information to Benga.
(sighs) Rumor, huh?
Amazing, your heart rate
hasn't increased even
in the slightest.
You were admired by the
inmates in the past, right?
Actually, that's just
a rumor, as well.
Is it also just a rumor that
you ratted out your friend?
(Kedama moans)
Your pulse just went up.
At one time, I infiltrated
an enemy organization.
I found it was rather hard
to live with a secret.
So, when I see someone suffering
from the burden of keeping a
secret, I know how they feel.
You're hiding something
and it's something
very important to you.
(Kedama sighs)
Why are you so curious?
Maybe I'm simply intrigued
by someone who grows
flowers like you.
So, did your friend
actually die because of you?
It's almost like I
killed him myself.
It was right after I came
out of solitary confinement,
yet again.
You're still alive, huh?
We missed having you around.
[Inmate] How soon is it gonna be
before you punch a
guard again, huh?
You were gone for a long time!
I was starting to get tired
of waiting. (chuckles)
So, tell me, how's the
plan coming along, anyway?
My friend Kiku and
I were planning
to break out of this place.
I tore down the wall that
connects to the flood gate.
Now we just have to
wait for it to rain.
Our target was the flood gate
which only opened when
rainwater built up
and was about to overflow.
Are you sure it's
going to rain tonight?
My dad's a fisherman
and reading the clouds
was something he drilled into
me until I was sick of it.
I can tell it's
absolutely gonna rain
like cats and dogs tonight.
Have some trust in
your friend Kiku!
Anyway, just make sure
that you come to the meeting
place at midnight, okay?
And don't be late.
But the sun had set
and there still wasn't a
single sign of rain coming.
If it didn't rain, we'd
have to postpone the plan.
I wasn't sure if I
should go or not.
And then when it finally
did start raining,
it was already way past the
time for our rendezvous.
(footsteps pattering)
Sorry I'm late!
Why, Kedama?
You promised that
you wouldn't be late.
The both of us swore
that we would (groans)
[Kedama] Kiku!
-(Kiku moans)
-(Kiku thuds)
That sure was close.
If you'd come on time,
then there really might've
been a prison break.
I really do have to
thank you, Kedama.
Aren't I the one
you really want?
That's right, you are.
This place used to
be quite peaceful
but these days, even all
the little weaklings in here
are copying you by defying me.
Go on, just do it, I'm prepared.
If I were to take you down here,
the prisoners would
consider you a hero
so I'm going to do
just the opposite.
I'm going to praise you for
reporting a prison break
and being a model prisoner.
(Kedama grunts)
Just as Benga wanted,
the inmates turned
their backs on me.
Anyway, that's about
what you can expect
from the level of
trust among prisoners.
(snakes slithering)
Why didn't you just deny it?
If I'd been there on time
like I promised I would,
my friend would still be alive.
No matter what I say,
it doesn't change the
fact that I killed him.
It seems like you plan
to escape with Kokuri.
Well, just be careful.
Trust is a fragile thing
that's easily broken.
Boruto's trustworthy.
Once he puts his
faith in someone,
he never wavers from that.
I wonder, though.
I won't tell anyone, so relax.
I decided that I'd never get
involved with anyone again.
Not since that day.
Although, you don't
like it, do you?
Otherwise you
wouldn't grow flowers.
I only do that to kill the time.
(footsteps tapping)
Doragu, come here, now.
If you need something, contact
me through my secretary.
(inmates laughing)
Would you rather be
dragged out of here?
Come on, man, I mean, can't
you even take a little joke?
Having to act tough
and defiant like that
when your underlings are around
that must be hard for you.
Ah, you know how it is,
gotta keep up the facade.
Anyway, Doragu,
there's been a rash of
strange occurrences.
So, do you know
anything about them?
What does that mean?
(boots thump)
Don't act dumb!
I'm asking you if there's
anything suspicious going on
with the prisoners.
(Doragu chuckles nervously)
You do know who you owe
for your current status
in this prison, right?
[Doragu] You, Mr. Benga.
Do you want it all to
come out into the open?
No, please no, don't do that.
Then cooperate with me.
Hmm, well, you know,
now that you mention it,
that kid, Boruto
was asking around
about the food
supply ship earlier.
Hmm, interesting.
Anything else?
There's also that apprentice
journalist, named Sarada.
Seems she asked Tsukiyo
lots of questions
about his relationship with ya.
What did you say?
(paper rustling)
(drawer clicks)
That should be good.
Now all I have to do
is destroy the notes in
my room, open the valve,
and send Boruto and Mitsuki
the confirmation signal
and then we'll be done.
(footsteps pattering)
[Benga] Seriously? No one
saw the girl with glasses?
Split up and find her
and when you do,
bring her to me.
(Sarada swoops)
It's bad, I didn't get
to destroy my notes
but I can't risk getting caught.
[Mitsuki] The signal?
Haven't seen anything yet.
Nevermind that, how'd
it go with Kedama?
Yes, about that.
I think we'll be okay.
Hey, Kedama, have you seen
that young girl with
the glasses around?
The apprentice journalist?
[Kedama] Why?
That isn't something
you need to know.
Now, have you seen
her or haven't you?
I have not.
Let me know if you do.
That's your specialty, isn't it?
(Kedama groans)
You always look so gloomy.
Make sure that you
put the tools away!
(explosion booms)
[Guard] Huh? What was that?
(footsteps pattering)
Over there!
-Come on, open!
-(lever creaking)
-(Sarada groaning)
-(lever clanks)
(water gushing)
[First Guard] I
wonder what that was?
[Second Guard] Whatever it
was, let's let Benga know.
[Sarada] Gotta give Boruto
and the others the signal.
-(suspenseful music)
-(footsteps crunching)
(Benga chuckles)
I hope Tsukiyo hasn't
told her about this.
Just how much does that girl
with glasses know, I wonder?
The sound of good luck, my foot!
If people find
out, I'll be fired.
Of all the luck!
(footsteps pattering)
That sound...
Well, well, what are
you doing down here?
I was on my way back to
my room to pack my things.
You mean you're leaving?
As suddenly as that?
I did quite a bit
of research, so...
Oh, what kind of research?
What did you hear?
Don't try to threaten me.
I figured out a lot of
what's going on here.
A lot, you say?
When Lord Mujo collapsed, I
understand you two were alone.
And of course, the order to
transfer Kokuri so suddenly.
The timing's just too
convenient, isn't it?
If you understand
me, then let me pass.
So, you know and that's
why you came here.
That means I can't
let you go, then.
I have no idea
what you're saying.
(Benga grunts)
-Fire style flame bombs!
-(fire roars)
No more holding back!
(fire swooshing)
(explosion booms)
-(rocks crashing)
-(Sarada grunts)
(Sarada screaming)
-(rocks clattering)
-(Benga groans)
(Benga chuckles)
(Benga guffaws)
Who'd have thought
the negative legacy
of this castle would
become an asset?
Not even a shinobi could
ever escape a pit like this!
Just stay down there
and write your little
articles til you die!
[Kedama] I decided that
I'd never get involved
with anyone again,
not since that day.
[Mitsuki] Although, you
don't like it do you?
Otherwise, you
wouldn't grow flowers.
(hoe cracks)
(Benga coughing)
[Guard] Mr. Benga,
what happened, sir?
It's nothing, but it looks
like there's a small gas leak
in the basement so don't
let anyone go in, for now.
But what about the
search for Sarada?
That's finished, it's over now.
[Guard] But sir-
Didn't you just hear me
say it's all over now?
Anyway, isn't it about
time to hold roll call?
This isn't any concern of mine.
Sarada's late with the signal.
Yeah.
The supply ship's
going to arrive
tomorrow morning, isn't it?
But there's been no signal.
Maybe something has
happened to Sarada.
If Miss Sarada fails
then that will mean
it's impossible to break
out of here, right?
But that wouldn't
happen, would it?
I can't deal, my stomach's
starting to hurt.
Well, Boruto, should
we cancel the plan?
Sarada told us she'd get
it done, no matter what.
And I'm gonna choose to
take her at her word.
Of course, I thought
you'd say that.
We still do this,
like we planned.
(closing theme music)
(upbeat music)
[Boruto] Just a little longer
til we meet up with
Sarada, Kokuri.
[Kokuri] We haven't
got word from her.
Do you think she's okay?
[Boruto] I'm sure she's fine.
We'll meet up at
the tank as planned.
Mitsuki, what about the guards?
[Mitsuki] I've set my
snakes to keep watch.
They'll alert me if the
guards start to make a move.
[Boruto] Next time, on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations,"
executing the prison break.
We can't turn back now,
we've just gotta forge ahead.
(closing theme music)